Adding MMPU to readme (#2892)
strangerstudios/paid-memberships-pro: readme.txt

= Membership Management Features =

* Unlimited Levels: Create distinct pricing and content access for each level

> * Multiple Memberships Per User: Sell multiple membership types and membership add ons

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Multiple Memberships Per User: Increase LTV by selling multiple membership types, allowing members to hold more than one active subscription simultaneously.
```
